# Story Proposal Guide For Spyder

### How To Draft a Story Proposal
**Asthetic:** Consider referencing a piece of fiction your players are familiar with. *"Mad Max meets 28 Days Later,"* or *"Stranger Things meets Lord of the Rings"*<br/>
**Genre:** Fantasy Adventure? Grimdark Mystery? Cosmic Horror?<br/>
**Mood:** The general emotion your players can expect to feel either a majority of the game, or at the climax. *"Meloncholy," "Inspiring," "Life's Tough."* What are they going to walk away with when game night is over?<br/>
**Plot Hook:** What the characters must find a reason to care about. Why are the player characters here working together? *"The king has been murdered, and you 4 have been elected to investigate!"* Now your players know to work into their characters a reason why the royal court would trust them to investigate the murder of the king.<br/>
**Threat Level:** How in-danger are your players going to feel for their characters? brutal survival, or just day-to-day stresses?<br/>
**What Happens at 0HP?** If there is any threat of player characters dying make it very clear what they can expect to happen when their character reaches 0 Hit Points. You can also leave this vague and ask them to trust you if they dare.<br/>
**Additional or Optional Rules and Content:** If you are using content other than the default Spyder content, be sure to list it here. Are you using any Spyder brand supplements? Are you bringing over any of your favorite rules from another game? Maybe you made up your own content you wanted to try out. Let your players know what options and rules they can expect!<br/>
**Starting LP:** Learning Points(LP) represent how skilled and experienced a character is. The more they start with, the more powerful they will feel, and the less they start with the weaker they will feel. 20LP is recommended for players who are new to the game. It is enough to learn the basics, but they can also afford a mistake. 10LP is the recommended minimum and a decent choice for characters starting out as children. If your players are more advanced and want to skip the basics consider starting with 40LP.<br/>
**When will LP be granted, and when it can be spent:** The rulebook describes a number of options here, but it should be decided and communicated early to inform the player's character creation process.<br/>
**Trigger Warnings:** It is really important to disuss what content you expect the players to encounter that may fall under common triggers, or known triggers for your players. How detailed do you intend to describe violence and gore? Is there any sexual content at all? If so could the nature of that content be particularly disturbing for any reason? Please explain here so that the players can safely judge whether or not they are comfortable playing this story as it is. If they aren't you can propose they make some amendments!<br/>
